data/services/javascript/index.md, before:

---
order: 4
templateKey: 'services'
slug: 'freelance-javascript-developer'
shortTitle: 'JavaScript'
longTitle: 'Freelance JavaScript Developer'
summary: 'Interactive and scalable full-stack web applications for any market.'
tools:
  [
    'JavaScript',
    'React',
    'jQuery',
    'Gatsby',
    'Next.js',
    'TypeScript',
    'Redux',
    'GraphQL',
    'Node',
  ]
image: './cl-main.png'
---

## As a freelance <span>JavaScript Developer</span>, I create custom website applications for clients around the globe.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua ut enim ad. Adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor [incididunt](/freelance-web-developer-usa/ 'Developer') ut labore et dolore magna aliqua ut enim ad.

Consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua ut enim ad.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua ut enim ad.

Commit message:

Add content for Design, JavaScript, HTML services

data/services/javascript/index.md, after:

---
order: 4
templateKey: 'services'
slug: 'freelance-javascript-developer'
shortTitle: 'JavaScript'
longTitle: 'Freelance JavaScript Developer'
summary: 'Interactive and scalable full-stack web applications for any market.'
tools:
  [
    'JavaScript',
    'React',
    'jQuery',
    'Gatsby',
    'Next.js',
    'TypeScript',
    'Redux',
    'GraphQL',
    'Node',
  ]
image: './cl-main.png'
---

> "Javascript is the duct tape of the Internet."
>
> <cite>- Charlie Campbell</cite>

It's an exciting time to be a JavaScript developer.

What was once a complimentary scripting language used for isolated interactive web elements has become the dominant force for modern web applications. The evolution of JavaScript, and its role, has been full of unexpected turns. But, its influence on the modern development landscape is undeniable.

Blink, and you may miss the latest JavaScript framework to hit the market. It's all happening so fast.

I myself have been using the ECMAScript language specification since the early days of Adobe ActionScript. I suffered, as many others did, through the growing pains of the early days of vanilla JavaScript. This facilitated a great appreciation for what jQuery and Ajax would later accoplish.

These days my focus is on React applications, using frameworks like [Next.js](/ 'Next.js') and [Gatsby](/ 'Gatsby'). I am currently venturing into the [Svelte](/ 'Svelte') ecosystem with an evergrowing curiosity, as well as into native mobile app development.

Like many other JavaScript developers, I'm undergoing a unique period in my career, growing in multiple directions. This volitile period in the JavaScript timeline means new and interesting challenges are always just around the corner. And I plan to meet them head on.
